game demo hey everybody it's Ricardo and
i am here with seth killian from capcom
and we are talking about super street
fighter 4 3 d edition which is out on
the 3d s so Seth you guys have brought
it by we had it check at the the import
version this is now in English which is
good okay so talk to us about the
different modes in one off for folks
that haven't fallen okay well i mean the
great news about 3d edition with super
street fighter 4 is it's basically
everything that you might be hoping for
from the sort of console experience
transferred into a handheld but with a
lot of fun extra new features that
really show off 3d additions so one
thing that we should point out before we
start diving into all this footage of
street fighter is that obviously for the
folks at home that don't have the
special nintendo hardware in your
computer in terms of like the to stack
screens this is not going to look 3d if
we were showing the city footage so what
we've done is we're basically pulling TV
footage of the 3d game just so you can
see the visual quality you're not
getting any 3d effect we do apologize
but we're still working on ways to to
shove it off too but for right now
you're just gonna let you believe us
this is hecka 3d and all right beautiful
there you go so we've got our arcade you
know it's a standard versus the computer
r vs. 3d versus which is a sort of a new
over to dynamic over-the-shoulder view
we're really sort of it's almost like a
third-person shooter and really let's
the 3d camera pop in a great way
internet match of course will be the
only game at launch to have global
online so you can play wirelessly local
or anybody around the world I can verify
that I was playing with the Japanese
version and i was playing people
challenge modes uh you know things you
remember like the car crusher and barrel
crusher are both in there as well
beating up the car in the barrels the
training stage with all its great
options so if you want to get in there
and practice your combos or setups or
techniques we've got the full full
featured training mode player data of
course your records and things like that
and then figurine collection is a great
new feature for the 3ds fun little thing
collectible mini games there's hundreds
and hundreds of figures that you can
unlock in the game and they all have
little stats and you can assemble like a
team of your figure
and actually battle against other people
and their figures and you can do this in
StreetPass mode which means we don't
have to actually do anything we can just
be walking around pass each other on the
street whatever it might be at a show at
a tournament and will battle and then I
can open it up later and see what the
results of that battle was how my
figures did and you know you can also
assign your statistics to the figures
and move their stats around a little bit
so it's just a fun little minigame but
you can also trade the figures and it's
pretty cool do you want anything if you
defeat someone it's not like pokemon
right we're just starting everybody's
you actually do earn points and things
like that so what you can do is use
those points to get new figurines there
are also exclusive figurines once in a
while if you happen to go to maybe a
special capcom event or something like
that we may hand out a special code for
a unique like gold chun-li figurine
foreshadowing it's actually already
happened once it's something in japan
and we're going to be doing it pretty
regularly as we roll this out so keep
your eyes peeled for some of those
exclusive figurines and then the only
way to get those afterwards is to trade
with somebody who might already have
them all right but cool stuff as far as
the actual game goes this is the super
street fighter that we know from a
gameplay standpoint what about the
visuals visuals are I think I really
think they speak for themselves so you
don't need to I don't need to sell it I
hope I think it really looks beautiful
Nintendo has been super supportive of
the product we're really proud of what
we're able to do and we really spent a
lot of time tweaking not just the
visuals for the particular 3d you know
for the 3ds unit but also to get the the
3d and the angles to really pop so I
think it really creates a great overall
experience we've had amazing feedback
from everybody seen it so far and you
know you can try the dynamic 3d view to
really see that in full action and then
I usually switch back to the sort of
traditional 2d mode or side to side
should say side to side it still has
full 3d effects but it's a sort of
traditional side to side view now in
terms of this content with all the
costumes and whatnot that we know from
super street fighter it's all here it is
in fact so you've got actually costumes
that were formerly downloadable
additional content are now included
right from the start so you get your two
alternate costumes right out of the
gates all the characters are unlocked
right from the stuck
right from the start and so no messing
around with that give selectable ultra
combos everything you remember nice now
have to point out that it's possible to
use the touchscreen to do some modes you
want to talk to us about how that's how
that could be good or bad when you're
playing online for example sure totally
so one of the fun things about this game
is that you've got not just sort of the
traditional of course all your
traditional inputs work so if you want
to do a fireball with quarter circle
forward and hit the button at the right
time all that's still there and that's
available in every mode but what we also
have done is to tweak the controls
specifically for the 3ds using the touch
panel it's split into four sections so
you have four buttons that are
completely customizable by you and in a
simple mode or the light mode as we call
it you can assign special moves even
super combos or ultra combos directly to
that touch panel so when they become
available if you have enough meter
whatever it might be you can just touch
that and execute a touch of a button
which is really fantastic for new
players across the old-timers like me
will sort of frown about that but I got
to say I spent a lot of time in that
mode and have a lot of fun because
there's you know whatever I've struggled
to do my standing 720's with Sangeeth I
don't struggle anymore I've got it at
the touch of a button but again if you
will if you don't want to play those
guys online like you're mentioning
you've got an option to select so you
can say you know I don't care I'll play
against anybody or I'd prefer to only
other play against people in Pro Mode
like me who are using you know the
traditional special move inputs or you
know I want to play only against other
light mode player so it's up to you now
one of the DS specific features of this
game does take advantage of the crazy
pedometer coin thing that they've built
into it so for folks that know Street
Fighter you're earning points as you're
playing and you know that kind of
increases your level but you now have
figure points which you use to get is it
what 500 figuring something a lot yeah
and you can basically use play coins you
can convert those directly into points
that you can use for the in-game
figurines which is pretty cool now one
thing that you'd probably willing to
share is the game itself and it seems
like there is a demo for somebody that's
got the game with friends that don't
have it so how does that going to work
so basically you under the download play
option menu or menu option and then it's
really simple so I
basically just send the game to you even
if you haven't got it and actually I can
send it to somebody else so it's a
limited version of the game but you can
play versus mode with Ryu only but you
can actually play against me if i have
the game and I've shared with you but if
I share with you and another one of your
friends that doesn't have it I could
actually leave and you guys could still
play each other as long as you're
content to play for you to you but
that's it's really fun so I can walk
away and you guys can can play that on
your own and it's the full experience so
it's really great now for folks that do
want this you you're here to pimp the
fact that why you can't get this in
stores there's other options for people
and they get something kind of snazzy
for their neck oh yeah yeah we've got
you know one of our most popular items
people always ask us for capcom lanyards
so we've got a great capcom lanyard with
some of a reused kanji on here and a
nice little lenticular card here and it
will also hold on to your 3ds so it's a
gift with purchase at the Capcom store
definitely check it out good people nice
all right well thank you seth and there
you go that is your last look at super
street fighter 4 3 d edition for the 3ds
because as of tomorrow the thing is out
out everywhere out everywhere for you if
you really are set on the line you gotta
hit cap come up for that and get get it
on our online store and i'm sure you
guys have those for a little while yet i
I wouldn't wouldn't wait too long if I
was here alright well they do act now
well so the game is going to be out
tomorrow along with the hardware so be
sure and check this out for a full
review which we've got as well as a
bunch of information on the 3ds but
until then back to the show